 
 Hers is a project for all kinds of mapping relations in hibernate 
 
 Hibernate annotations are the newest way to define mappings without the use of XML file. You can use annotations in addition to or as a replacement of XML mapping metadata.

Hibernate Annotations is the powerful way to provide the metadata for the Object and Relational Table mapping. All the metadata is clubbed into the POJO java file along with the code, this helps the user to understand the table structure and POJO simultaneously during the development.

If you going to make your application portable to other EJB 3 compliant ORM applications, you must use annotations to represent the mapping information, but still if you want greater flexibility, then you should go with XML-based mappings.
Hibernate detects that the @Id annotation is on a field and assumes that it should access properties of an object directly through fields at runtime. If you placed the @Id annotation on the getId() method, you would enable access to properties through getter and setter methods by default. Hence, all other annotations are also placed on either fields or getter methods, following the selected strategy.

Following section will explain the annotations used in the above class.

@Entity Annotation
The EJB 3 standard annotations are contained in the javax.persistence package, so we import this package as the first step. Second, we used the @Entity annotation to the Employee class, which marks this class as an entity bean, so it must have a no-argument constructor that is visible with at least protected scope.

@Table Annotation
The @Table annotation allows you to specify the details of the table that will be used to persist the entity in the database.

The @Table annotation provides four attributes, allowing you to override the name of the table, its catalogue, and its schema, and enforce unique constraints on columns in the table. For now, we are using just table name, which is EMPLOYEE.

@Id and @GeneratedValue Annotations
Each entity bean will have a primary key, which you annotate on the class with the @Id annotation. The primary key can be a single field or a combination of multiple fields depending on your table structure.

By default, the @Id annotation will automatically determine the most appropriate primary key generation strategy to be used but you can override this by applying the @GeneratedValue annotation, which takes two parameters strategy and generator that I'm not going to discuss here, so let us use only the default key generation strategy. Letting Hibernate determine which generator type to use makes your code portable between different databases.

@Column Annotation
The @Column annotation is used to specify the details of the column to which a field or property will be mapped. You can use column annotation with the following most commonly used attributes −

name attribute permits the name of the column to be explicitly specified.

length attribute permits the size of the column used to map a value particularly for a String value.

nullable attribute permits the column to be marked NOT NULL when the schema is generated.

unique attribute permits the column to be marked as containing only unique values.

